Before you ever make an argument based on what is natural, remind yourself that "natural" is a contested term. Depending on your definition, either almost everything in modern society is unnatural or it is natural.

If the definition of natural is "that which would be expected in a prehistoric environment," then our medicine and agriculture and books (not to mention our internal combustion engines and microprocessors and petabyte databases) are all unnatural. Even written language could even be called unnatural, as it is a relatively recent innovation.

If the definition of natural is "that which is not supernatural," then everything in this world is natural.

Most arguments based on what is "natural" are actually arguments based on what the speaker believes is right and normal. Remember that.

---

I will forever be grateful to Elizabeth Gilbert. About a half decade ago I listened to some of [her talks](https://www.ted.com/talks/elizabeth_gilbert_your_elusive_creative_genius) and then read [_Big Magic_](https://www.elizabethgilbert.com/books/big-magic/).

The most influential takeaway for me: _Don't try to find your passion; instead, follow your creativity._ From _Big Magic_:

> I believe that curiosity is the secret. Curiosity is the truth and the way of creative living. Curiosity is the alpha and the omega, the beginning and the end. Furthermore, curiosity is accessible to everyone. Passion can seem intimidatingly out of reach at times—a distant tower of flame, accessible only to geniuses and to those who are specially touched by God. But curiosity is a milder, quieter, more welcoming, and more democratic entity.

---

Two ideas. I will probably never follow through on these, but they do pique my curiosity:

**Snow simulation.** I'm watching the snow fall this morning, and the process never ceases to fascinate me. The float and flutter of the flakes. Particles that seem to rise with innate antigravity against the fall of their compatriots. I am sure countless mathematical descriptions of the process have been made, but adding one more to the list would at least be personally interesting.

**Automated coin flipping experiment.** This might sound crazy at first (and maybe at last, too), but I want to build an physical automated coin flipper, complete with side detection (probably machine vision) and automatic re-flipping. It would be fun to see the law of large numbers unfold. What is the true bias of specific coins? What is the largest number of coin flips on a single coin? (This is COVID in a rural house: all you have is space and time.)
